\section{Results and Future Work}
\label{sec:future}
Currently, our system only supports the Z-Wave protocol. We want
to add support for protcols such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, ZigBee, etc. We currently
have a device driver only for the Zipato RGBW light bulb. We would like to add
drivers for music players, thermostats, security cameras, motion detectors, etc.
This will allow us to create applications with richer functionality like having
a light start blinking and starting a security camera when movement is detected
by a motion sensor. Currently, we have an application that can turn on and off a
light bulb.

Future work includes adding additional functionality and continuing to expand
the API available to users and developers, as well as making extension of the
system easier. We talk about this in more detail below.

We want to create an infrastructure that can allow the users to easily install
new components and roles. Similar to HomeOS, we envision having packages that
contain a Manifiest file and binaries. Our system will read the Manifest and
install the binaries accordingly.

We want to give the user the capability to specify per user defaults for
components. For example, if we have an application that can turn on the light
bulb and there are two light bulbs in the home, one in the living room and one
in the bedroom, currently the application will prompt the user to ask which one
to use. Instead, the user could save that preference and the application will
use that component by default in the future.

We plan to improve and expand the access control mechanisms and improve the user
interface, to improve both the usability and security of the system. We plan on
having the capability to create time based user accounts. For example, if the
owner has visitors coming over, the owner can create accounts that will be
active only during the duration of the stay of the visitors. Currently, we
cannot force the components to not to access the file system or the network. We
want to add these security features to our system.

We wish to add an online marketplace, to allow users to easily find applications
and drivers to extend and improve their systems. Similarly, the developers can
upload their applications to the marketplace, allowing easy access to the users.

Lastly, we wish to create a more graphical and intuitive user interface which
will allow the user to easily extend, configure, and query the system.
